back-end-development.md, before:

# Back-End Development

Menu: [Home](./README.md)

## Table of Contents

- [C-Sharp](#c-sharp)
- [Classic ASP](#classic-asp)
- [ASP.Net MVC](#aspnet-mvc)
- [ASP.Net Core MVC](#aspnet-core-mvc)
- [Web API](#web-api)
- [Python](#python)
- [Node](#node)
- [Windows Server](#windows-server)
- [Containers](#containers)

### C-Sharp

1. Tutorials
    1. [C# Fundamentals for Absolute Beginners (Microsoft-YouTube.com)](https://www.YouTube.com/playlist?list=PLsrZV8shpwjMkG96rkKLdNiX02S5LPIqS)
    1. [Introduction to JSON with C# (Microsoft-YouTube.com)](https://www.YouTube.com/playlist?list=PLsrZV8shpwjM_eZZ-11lEby-bWmPrNem9)
    1. [C#.NET Tutorials (YouTube.com)](https://www.YouTube.com/playlist?list=PLTjRvDozrdlz3_FPXwb6lX_HoGXa09Yef)
    1. [C# tutorial for beginners (kudvenkat-YouTube.com)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLAC325451207E3105)

### Classic ASP

1. Reading Resources
    1. [TLS 1.2 with Classic ASP (article)](https://dhali.com/programming/tls-1-2-with-classic-asp/ "TLS 1.2 with Classic ASP")

### `ASP.Net` MVC

1. Tutorials
    1. [ASP.NET MVC 4 Web Applications Jump Start (Microsoft-YouTube.com)](https://www.YouTube.com/playlist?list=PLIoX3-mcY80gktuMgl7UqkXD3Zl6oFOCM)
    1. [Introduction to ASP.NET MVC (Microsoft-YouTube.com)](https://www.YouTube.com/playlist?list=PLsrZV8shpwjNLs9hr2YEllESVP4jCN6pR)
    1. [Building Applications with ASP.NET MVC 4 (Pluralsight.com)](https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/mvc4-building)
    1. [ASP.NET MVC 5 Fundamentals (Pluralsight)](https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/mvc4-building)
    1. [Step-by-step ASP.NET MVC Tutorial for Beginners | Mosh (YouTube.com)](https://www.YouTube.com/watch?v=E7Voso411Vs&list=PLTjRvDozrdlwG-Gl0I1vCA7NUBS0mif8F&index=2&t=0s)
    1. [Entity Framework Tutorials (Microsoft-YouTube.com)](https://www.YouTube.com/playlist?list=PLTjRvDozrdlyZf7wM83SZT-xz9giQlcwJ)
    1. [Implementing Entity Framework with MVC (Microsoft-YouTube.com)](https://www.YouTube.com/watch?v=ok3kajIFHow)

### `ASP.Net` Core MVC

1. Tutorials
    1. [Create a web app with ASP.NET Core MVC (Tutorial-docs.microsoft.com)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/Tutorials/first-mvc-app/?view=aspnetcore-2.2)
    1. [Overview of ASP.NET Core MVC (Tutorial-docs.microsoft.com)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/mvc/overview?view=aspnetcore-2.2)
    1. [ASP.NET Core MVC with EF Core - tutorial series (Tutorial-docs.microsoft.com)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/data/ef-mvc/?view=aspnetcore-2.2)
    1. [Getting Started with EF Core on ASP.NET Core with a New database (Tutorial-docs.microsoft.com)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/core/get-started/aspnetcore/new-db?toc=%2Faspnet%2Fcore%2Ftoc.json&bc=%2Faspnet%2Fcore%2Fbreadcrumb%2Ftoc.json&view=aspnetcore-2.2&tabs=visual-studio)
    1. [Get started with EF Core on .NET Core with a new database using SQLite (Tutorial-docs.microsoft.com)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/core/get-started/netcore/new-db-sqlite)
    1. [Persist and retrieve relational data with Entity Framework Core (Tutorial-docs.microsoft.com)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/persist-data-ef-core/?view=aspnetcore-2.2)
    1. [ASP.NET Core (Microsoft-YouTube.com)](https://www.YouTube.com/playlist?list=PLsrZV8shpwjPwa-7olmhuH-VEFgBeh7rw)
    1. [ASP.NET core tutorial for beginners (kudvenkat-YouTube.com)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL6n9fhu94yhVkdrusLaQsfERmL_Jh4XmU)
    1. [Design Patterns tutorial for beginners (kudvenkat-YouTube.com)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL6n9fhu94yhUbctIoxoVTrklN3LMwTCmd)
    1. [ASP.NET Core Razor Pages with EF Core - tutorial series (Tutorial-docs.microsoft.com)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/data/ef-rp/?view=aspnetcore-2.2)
1. Reading Resources
    1. [ASP.NET Core fundamentals (reference)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/?view=aspnetcore-2.2&tabs=windows)

### Web API

1. Tutorials
    1. [Web API Design Jump Start (Microsoft-YouTube.com))](https://www.YouTube.com/watch?v=r5aFMYBE6TI&list=PLsrZV8shpwjOeFL9a3P6_lnXbM1ztbnPA)
    1. [ASP.NET Web API tutorial for beginners (kudvenkat-YouTube.com)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL6n9fhu94yhW7yoUOGNOfHurUE6bpOO2b)

### Python

1. Tutorials
    1. [Programming with Python (Microsoft-YouTube.com)](https://www.YouTube.com/playlist?list=PLsrZV8shpwjMbK0ElithYzT4dGuunT40U)
    1. [Python Tutorial for Beginners 2019 [Full Course] (Mosh-YouTube.com)](https://www.YouTube.com/watch?v=_uQrJ0TkZlc)
    1. [Python Tutorials (Mosh-YouTube.com)](https://www.YouTube.com/playlist?list=PLTjRvDozrdlxj5wgH4qkvwSOdHLOCx10f)
    1. [Python for Everyone (udemy.com)](https://www.udemy.com/python-for-every1/ "This course created for Data Science, AI , ML, DL , Automation Testers, Big Data , Web Developer Aspirants etc")
    1. [Introduction to Python Programming (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/introduction-to-python--ud1110 "In this course, you'll learn the fundamentals of the Python programming language, along with programming best practices.")
    1. [Programming Foundations with Python (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/programming-foundations-with-python--ud036 "Introductory programming class to learn Object-Oriented Programming, a must-have technique to reuse and share code easily. Learn by making projects that spread happiness!")
    1. [Full Stack Foundations (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/full-stack-foundations--ud088 "In this course you will learn the fundamentals of back-end web development! You will create your own web application that queries a database for items on restaurant menus and then dynamically generates complete menus in the form of web pages and API endpoints.")
    1. [Authentication & Authorization: OAuth  - Implementing Web Security with OAuth 2.0 (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/authentication-authorization-oauth--ud330 "As a Python programmer, leveraging Flask allows you to quickly and easily build your own web applications. But before you share your apps on the Internet you should protect your users' data, ensuring information stored on your site is safe from unwanted manipulation. You could implement web security and permissions on your own, but relying on trusted providers is a faster, safer, and easier way to allow users to login to your application - without having to create and maintain another account, profile, and password. In this course, you will learn to implement the OAuth 2.0 framework to allow users to securely login to your web applications. ")
    1. [Designing RESTful APIs - Build and Secure a Backend API Server (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/designing-restful-apis--ud388 "API (Application Programming Interface) endpoints are the connections between your application and the rest of the developer community. In this course you will learn about writing secure, developer-friendly APIs that will make your back-end application thrive and keep your users happy.")
    1. [Introduction To Python Programming (udemy.com)](https://www.udemy.com/pythonforbeginnersintro/ "A Quick and Easy Intro into Python Programming")
    1. [Python for Absolute Beginners (udemy.com)](https://www.udemy.com/pythonforbeginnersintro/ "Python 101 - learn python programming from scratch with hands on exercises in this free python tutorial!")
    1. [Python Core and Advanced (udemy.com)](https://www.udemy.com/python-core-and-advanced/ "Master the fundamentals of Python in easy steps")
    1. [Python 3 For Beginners (udemy.com)](https://www.udemy.com/python-masterclass-for-beginners/ "Learn Python 3 from Scratch! Create Python 3 Applications. Understand Object Oriented Programming in Python.")
    1. [Try Django 1.11 // Python Web Development (udemy.com)](https://www.udemy.com/try-django-v1-11-python-web-development/ "Build a web app with Django // The #1 Web Development Framework for Python")
    1. [Google's Python Class (developers.google.com)](https://developers.google.com/edu/python/ "Welcome to Google's Python Class -- this is a free class for people with a little bit of programming experience who want to learn Python. The class includes written materials, lecture videos, and lots of code exercises to practice Python coding.")
    1. [Learn Python 2 (codecademy.com)](https://www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-python "Learn the basics of the world's fastest growing and most popular programming language used by software engineers, analysts, data scientists, and machine learning engineers alike.")
    1. [Learn Statistics With Python  (codecademy.com)](https://www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-statistics-with-python "Learn how to calculate and interpret several descriptive statistics using the Python library NumPy.")
    1. [Introduction to Python (datacamp.com)](https://www.datacamp.com/courses/intro-to-python-for-data-science "Master the basics of data analysis in Python. Expand your skill set by learning scientific computing with numpy.")
    1. [Python for Data Science: Fundamentals (dataquest.io)](https://www.dataquest.io/course/python-for-data-science-fundamentals/ "In our introductory course on Python for data science, you’ll get an overview of the Python programming language and how you can use it for data science.")
    1. [Python for Data Science: Intermediate (dataquest.io)](https://www.dataquest.io/course/python-for-data-science-intermediate/ "In our Python for Data Science Intermediate course, we’ll cover some key techniques for working with the Python programming language for data science.")
    1. [Python Programming: Advanced (dataquest.io)](https://www.dataquest.io/course/python-programming-advanced/ "Extend your knowledge of Python with our Python Programming: Advanced course. In this course, you'll learn advanced Python concepts, digging deeper into object-oriented programming (OOP), exception handling, and more.")
    1. [SQL Fundamentals (dataquest.io)](https://www.dataquest.io/course/sql-fundamentals/ "SQL is the language of data, and it is a critical skill to have when working as a Data Analyst, Data Scientist, or as a Data Engineer. In fact, more data analysts and data scientists use SQL than use either Python or R (because both Python and R programmers use SQL, too).  In our SQL Fundamentals course, you will learn the basics of this critical skill and start building some experience working with SQL databases.")
    1. [APIs and Web Scraping (dataquest.io)](https://www.dataquest.io/course/apis-and-scraping/ "A data analyst or data scientist doesn’t always get data handed to them in a CSV or via an easily accessible database. Sometimes, you’ve got to go out and get the data you need. The ability to collect unique data sets can really set you apart from the pack, and being able to access APIs and scrape the web for new data stories is the best way to get data nobody else is working with.")
    1. [Pandas and NumPy Fundamentals (dataquest.io)](https://www.dataquest.io/course/pandas-fundamentals/ "In our Pandas and NumPy fundamentals course, you will learn how to work with Pandas and NumPy, the two most popular Python open-source libraries for data analysis.")
1. Reading Resources
    1. [Automate the Boring Stuff with Python (e-book)](http://automatetheboringstuff.com/ "Practical programming for total beginners.")
    1. [Cannot install or upgrade pip "ssl error" (article)](https://github.com/pypa/pip/issues/5448 'Cannot install or upgrade pip "ssl error"')

### Node

1. Tutorials
    1. [Node.js Tutorial for Beginners: Learn Node in 1 Hour | Mosh (Mosh-YouTube.com)](https://www.YouTube.com/watch?v=TlB_eWDSMt4&list=PLTjRvDozrdlynYXGUfyyMZdrQ0Sz27aud&index=5)
    1. [Node.jsTutorials (YouTube.com)](https://www.YouTube.com/playlist?list=PLTjRvDozrdlydy3uUBWZlLUTNpJSGGCEm)
    1. [Express.js Tutorial: Build RESTful APIs with Node and Express | Mosh (Mosh-YouTube.com)](https://www.YouTube.com/watch?v=pKd0Rpw7O48&list=PLTjRvDozrdlynYXGUfyyMZdrQ0Sz27aud&index=6)
    1. [The MERN Stack Tutorial - Building A React CRUD Application From Start To Finish (CodingTheSmartWay-YouTube.com)](https://www.YouTube.com/playlist?list=PL2dKqfImstaRbG8WIBkeHyV1ic5dyiEMj)

### Windows Server

1. Tutorials
    1. [Windows Server Administration Fundamentals - 98-365 (Microsoft-YouTube.com)](https://www.YouTube.com/playlist?list=PLsrZV8shpwjMmq9hw_vlpDswWWw8jGJnZ)

### Containers

1. Tutorials
    1. [Docker (YouTube.com)](https://www.YouTube.com/playlist?list=PL2dKqfImstaSUBZzxmwJqDe99_BGoCvwo)

Commit message:

How to Build an E-commerce Website with Django and Python.

back-end-development.md, after:

# Back-End Development

Menu: [Home](./README.md)

## Table of Contents

- [C-Sharp](#c-sharp)
- [Classic ASP](#classic-asp)
- [ASP.Net MVC](#aspnet-mvc)
- [ASP.Net Core MVC](#aspnet-core-mvc)
- [Web API](#web-api)
- [Python](#python)
- [Node](#node)
- [Windows Server](#windows-server)
- [Containers](#containers)

### C-Sharp

1. Tutorials
    1. [C# Fundamentals for Absolute Beginners (Microsoft-YouTube.com)](https://www.YouTube.com/playlist?list=PLsrZV8shpwjMkG96rkKLdNiX02S5LPIqS)
    1. [Introduction to JSON with C# (Microsoft-YouTube.com)](https://www.YouTube.com/playlist?list=PLsrZV8shpwjM_eZZ-11lEby-bWmPrNem9)
    1. [C#.NET Tutorials (YouTube.com)](https://www.YouTube.com/playlist?list=PLTjRvDozrdlz3_FPXwb6lX_HoGXa09Yef)
    1. [C# tutorial for beginners (kudvenkat-YouTube.com)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLAC325451207E3105)

### Classic ASP

1. Reading Resources
    1. [TLS 1.2 with Classic ASP (article)](https://dhali.com/programming/tls-1-2-with-classic-asp/ "TLS 1.2 with Classic ASP")

### `ASP.Net` MVC

1. Tutorials
    1. [ASP.NET MVC 4 Web Applications Jump Start (Microsoft-YouTube.com)](https://www.YouTube.com/playlist?list=PLIoX3-mcY80gktuMgl7UqkXD3Zl6oFOCM)
    1. [Introduction to ASP.NET MVC (Microsoft-YouTube.com)](https://www.YouTube.com/playlist?list=PLsrZV8shpwjNLs9hr2YEllESVP4jCN6pR)
    1. [Building Applications with ASP.NET MVC 4 (Pluralsight.com)](https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/mvc4-building)
    1. [ASP.NET MVC 5 Fundamentals (Pluralsight)](https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/mvc4-building)
    1. [Step-by-step ASP.NET MVC Tutorial for Beginners | Mosh (YouTube.com)](https://www.YouTube.com/watch?v=E7Voso411Vs&list=PLTjRvDozrdlwG-Gl0I1vCA7NUBS0mif8F&index=2&t=0s)
    1. [Entity Framework Tutorials (Microsoft-YouTube.com)](https://www.YouTube.com/playlist?list=PLTjRvDozrdlyZf7wM83SZT-xz9giQlcwJ)
    1. [Implementing Entity Framework with MVC (Microsoft-YouTube.com)](https://www.YouTube.com/watch?v=ok3kajIFHow)

### `ASP.Net` Core MVC

1. Tutorials
    1. [Create a web app with ASP.NET Core MVC (Tutorial-docs.microsoft.com)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/Tutorials/first-mvc-app/?view=aspnetcore-2.2)
    1. [Overview of ASP.NET Core MVC (Tutorial-docs.microsoft.com)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/mvc/overview?view=aspnetcore-2.2)
    1. [ASP.NET Core MVC with EF Core - tutorial series (Tutorial-docs.microsoft.com)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/data/ef-mvc/?view=aspnetcore-2.2)
    1. [Getting Started with EF Core on ASP.NET Core with a New database (Tutorial-docs.microsoft.com)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/core/get-started/aspnetcore/new-db?toc=%2Faspnet%2Fcore%2Ftoc.json&bc=%2Faspnet%2Fcore%2Fbreadcrumb%2Ftoc.json&view=aspnetcore-2.2&tabs=visual-studio)
    1. [Get started with EF Core on .NET Core with a new database using SQLite (Tutorial-docs.microsoft.com)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/core/get-started/netcore/new-db-sqlite)
    1. [Persist and retrieve relational data with Entity Framework Core (Tutorial-docs.microsoft.com)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/persist-data-ef-core/?view=aspnetcore-2.2)
    1. [ASP.NET Core (Microsoft-YouTube.com)](https://www.YouTube.com/playlist?list=PLsrZV8shpwjPwa-7olmhuH-VEFgBeh7rw)
    1. [ASP.NET core tutorial for beginners (kudvenkat-YouTube.com)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL6n9fhu94yhVkdrusLaQsfERmL_Jh4XmU)
    1. [Design Patterns tutorial for beginners (kudvenkat-YouTube.com)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL6n9fhu94yhUbctIoxoVTrklN3LMwTCmd)
    1. [ASP.NET Core Razor Pages with EF Core - tutorial series (Tutorial-docs.microsoft.com)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/data/ef-rp/?view=aspnetcore-2.2)
1. Reading Resources
    1. [ASP.NET Core fundamentals (reference)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/?view=aspnetcore-2.2&tabs=windows)

### Web API

1. Tutorials
    1. [Web API Design Jump Start (Microsoft-YouTube.com))](https://www.YouTube.com/watch?v=r5aFMYBE6TI&list=PLsrZV8shpwjOeFL9a3P6_lnXbM1ztbnPA)
    1. [ASP.NET Web API tutorial for beginners (kudvenkat-YouTube.com)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL6n9fhu94yhW7yoUOGNOfHurUE6bpOO2b)

### Python

1. Tutorials
    1. [Programming with Python (Microsoft-YouTube.com)](https://www.YouTube.com/playlist?list=PLsrZV8shpwjMbK0ElithYzT4dGuunT40U)
    1. [Python Tutorial for Beginners 2019 [Full Course] (Mosh-YouTube.com)](https://www.YouTube.com/watch?v=_uQrJ0TkZlc)
    1. [Python Tutorials (Mosh-YouTube.com)](https://www.YouTube.com/playlist?list=PLTjRvDozrdlxj5wgH4qkvwSOdHLOCx10f)
    1. [Python for Everyone (udemy.com)](https://www.udemy.com/python-for-every1/ "This course created for Data Science, AI , ML, DL , Automation Testers, Big Data , Web Developer Aspirants etc")
    1. [Introduction to Python Programming (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/introduction-to-python--ud1110 "In this course, you'll learn the fundamentals of the Python programming language, along with programming best practices.")
    1. [Programming Foundations with Python (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/programming-foundations-with-python--ud036 "Introductory programming class to learn Object-Oriented Programming, a must-have technique to reuse and share code easily. Learn by making projects that spread happiness!")
    1. [Full Stack Foundations (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/full-stack-foundations--ud088 "In this course you will learn the fundamentals of back-end web development! You will create your own web application that queries a database for items on restaurant menus and then dynamically generates complete menus in the form of web pages and API endpoints.")
    1. [Authentication & Authorization: OAuth  - Implementing Web Security with OAuth 2.0 (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/authentication-authorization-oauth--ud330 "As a Python programmer, leveraging Flask allows you to quickly and easily build your own web applications. But before you share your apps on the Internet you should protect your users' data, ensuring information stored on your site is safe from unwanted manipulation. You could implement web security and permissions on your own, but relying on trusted providers is a faster, safer, and easier way to allow users to login to your application - without having to create and maintain another account, profile, and password. In this course, you will learn to implement the OAuth 2.0 framework to allow users to securely login to your web applications. ")
    1. [Designing RESTful APIs - Build and Secure a Backend API Server (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/designing-restful-apis--ud388 "API (Application Programming Interface) endpoints are the connections between your application and the rest of the developer community. In this course you will learn about writing secure, developer-friendly APIs that will make your back-end application thrive and keep your users happy.")
    1. [Introduction To Python Programming (udemy.com)](https://www.udemy.com/pythonforbeginnersintro/ "A Quick and Easy Intro into Python Programming")
    1. [Python for Absolute Beginners (udemy.com)](https://www.udemy.com/pythonforbeginnersintro/ "Python 101 - learn python programming from scratch with hands on exercises in this free python tutorial!")
    1. [Python Core and Advanced (udemy.com)](https://www.udemy.com/python-core-and-advanced/ "Master the fundamentals of Python in easy steps")
    1. [Python 3 For Beginners (udemy.com)](https://www.udemy.com/python-masterclass-for-beginners/ "Learn Python 3 from Scratch! Create Python 3 Applications. Understand Object Oriented Programming in Python.")
    1. [Try Django 1.11 // Python Web Development (udemy.com)](https://www.udemy.com/try-django-v1-11-python-web-development/ "Build a web app with Django // The #1 Web Development Framework for Python")
    1. [Google's Python Class (developers.google.com)](https://developers.google.com/edu/python/ "Welcome to Google's Python Class -- this is a free class for people with a little bit of programming experience who want to learn Python. The class includes written materials, lecture videos, and lots of code exercises to practice Python coding.")
    1. [Learn Python 2 (codecademy.com)](https://www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-python "Learn the basics of the world's fastest growing and most popular programming language used by software engineers, analysts, data scientists, and machine learning engineers alike.")
    1. [Learn Statistics With Python  (codecademy.com)](https://www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-statistics-with-python "Learn how to calculate and interpret several descriptive statistics using the Python library NumPy.")
    1. [Introduction to Python (datacamp.com)](https://www.datacamp.com/courses/intro-to-python-for-data-science "Master the basics of data analysis in Python. Expand your skill set by learning scientific computing with numpy.")
    1. [Python for Data Science: Fundamentals (dataquest.io)](https://www.dataquest.io/course/python-for-data-science-fundamentals/ "In our introductory course on Python for data science, you’ll get an overview of the Python programming language and how you can use it for data science.")
    1. [Python for Data Science: Intermediate (dataquest.io)](https://www.dataquest.io/course/python-for-data-science-intermediate/ "In our Python for Data Science Intermediate course, we’ll cover some key techniques for working with the Python programming language for data science.")
    1. [Python Programming: Advanced (dataquest.io)](https://www.dataquest.io/course/python-programming-advanced/ "Extend your knowledge of Python with our Python Programming: Advanced course. In this course, you'll learn advanced Python concepts, digging deeper into object-oriented programming (OOP), exception handling, and more.")
    1. [SQL Fundamentals (dataquest.io)](https://www.dataquest.io/course/sql-fundamentals/ "SQL is the language of data, and it is a critical skill to have when working as a Data Analyst, Data Scientist, or as a Data Engineer. In fact, more data analysts and data scientists use SQL than use either Python or R (because both Python and R programmers use SQL, too).  In our SQL Fundamentals course, you will learn the basics of this critical skill and start building some experience working with SQL databases.")
    1. [APIs and Web Scraping (dataquest.io)](https://www.dataquest.io/course/apis-and-scraping/ "A data analyst or data scientist doesn’t always get data handed to them in a CSV or via an easily accessible database. Sometimes, you’ve got to go out and get the data you need. The ability to collect unique data sets can really set you apart from the pack, and being able to access APIs and scrape the web for new data stories is the best way to get data nobody else is working with.")
    1. [Pandas and NumPy Fundamentals (dataquest.io)](https://www.dataquest.io/course/pandas-fundamentals/ "In our Pandas and NumPy fundamentals course, you will learn how to work with Pandas and NumPy, the two most popular Python open-source libraries for data analysis.")
    1. [How to Build an E-commerce Website with Django and Python (youtube.com)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZvRrldjf1Y "Learn how to build an E-commerce website with Django and Python.")
1. Reading Resources
    1. [Automate the Boring Stuff with Python (e-book)](http://automatetheboringstuff.com/ "Practical programming for total beginners.")
    1. [Cannot install or upgrade pip "ssl error" (article)](https://github.com/pypa/pip/issues/5448 'Cannot install or upgrade pip "ssl error"')

### Node

1. Tutorials
    1. [Node.js Tutorial for Beginners: Learn Node in 1 Hour | Mosh (Mosh-YouTube.com)](https://www.YouTube.com/watch?v=TlB_eWDSMt4&list=PLTjRvDozrdlynYXGUfyyMZdrQ0Sz27aud&index=5)
    1. [Node.jsTutorials (YouTube.com)](https://www.YouTube.com/playlist?list=PLTjRvDozrdlydy3uUBWZlLUTNpJSGGCEm)
    1. [Express.js Tutorial: Build RESTful APIs with Node and Express | Mosh (Mosh-YouTube.com)](https://www.YouTube.com/watch?v=pKd0Rpw7O48&list=PLTjRvDozrdlynYXGUfyyMZdrQ0Sz27aud&index=6)
    1. [The MERN Stack Tutorial - Building A React CRUD Application From Start To Finish (CodingTheSmartWay-YouTube.com)](https://www.YouTube.com/playlist?list=PL2dKqfImstaRbG8WIBkeHyV1ic5dyiEMj)

### Windows Server

1. Tutorials
    1. [Windows Server Administration Fundamentals - 98-365 (Microsoft-YouTube.com)](https://www.YouTube.com/playlist?list=PLsrZV8shpwjMmq9hw_vlpDswWWw8jGJnZ)

### Containers

1. Tutorials
    1. [Docker (YouTube.com)](https://www.YouTube.com/playlist?list=PL2dKqfImstaSUBZzxmwJqDe99_BGoCvwo)
