front-end-development.md, before:

# Front-End Development

Menu: [Home](./README.md)

## Table of Contents

- [HTML AND CSS](#html-and-css)
- [JavaScript](#javascript)

### HTML AND CSS

1. Tutorials
    1. [Learn to Code HTML & CSS (shayhowe.com)](http://learn.shayhowe.com/html-css/)
    1. [Learn to Code Advanced HTML & CSS (shayhowe.com)](http://learn.shayhowe.com/advanced-html-css/)
    1. [Intro to HTML/CSS: Making webpages (khanacademy.org)](https://www.khanacademy.org/computing/computer-programming/html-css)
    1. [Introduction to HTML (codecademy.com)](https://www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-html)
    1. [Learn CSS (codecademy.com)](https://www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-css)
    1. [CSS Jump Start:70-480 (microsoft-youtube.com)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLsrZV8shpwjPylAdgJCyk1TzdMEri1Idi)
    1. [HTML5 & CSS3 Fundamentals: Development for Absolute Beginners (microsoft-youtube.com)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLsrZV8shpwjOGlyU9fFZJvBx6cLjbu_sH)
    1. [Make a Website (codecademy.com)](https://www.codecademy.com/learn/make-a-website)
    1. [Deploy a Website (codecademy.com)](https://www.codecademy.com/learn/deploy-a-website)
    1. [HTML5 and CSS3 (theodinproject.com)](https://www.theodinproject.com/courses/html5-and-css3)
    1. [Intro to HTML and CSS (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-html-and-css--ud001 "In this course, you'll learn the fundamentals web development, along with best practices and professional problem-solving techniques using Developer Tools.")
    1. [Responsive Web Design Fundamentals (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/responsive-web-design-fundamentals--ud893 "In this course you'll learn the fundamentals of responsive web design with Google's Pete LePage! You'll create your own responsive web page that works well on any device - phone, tablet, desktop or anything in between.")
    1. [Building High Conversion Web Forms (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/building-high-conversion-web-forms--ud890 "In this course, you'll learn best practices for modern forms as taught by Google's Ido Green and Udacity's Cameron Pittman. You'll practice your skills along the way with a few self-directed projects, including an e-commerce checkout and an event planner app!")
    1. [Responsive Images (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/responsive-images--ud882 "In this course you will learn how to work with images on the modern web, so that your images look great and load quickly on any device.")
    1. [HTML5 Canvas - From Pixels to Animation! (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/html5-canvas--ud292 "In this course, through several sample projects, you’ll learn how to use the canvas; how to make compositions using shapes, images, and text; how to create effects and filters on images and how to create animations.")
    1. [Web Accessibility - Developing with Empathy (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/web-accessibility--ud891 'In this course you’ll get hands-on experience making web applications accessible. You’ll understand when and why users need accessibility. Then you’ll dive into the "how": making a page work properly with screen readers, and managing input focus (e.g. the highlight you see when tabbing through a form.) You’ll understand what "semantics" and "semantic markup" mean for web pages and add ARIA markup to enable navigating the interface with a range of assistive devices. Finally, you’ll learn styling techniques that help users with partial vision navigate your pages easily and reliably.')
1. Reading Resources
    1. [Emmet Cheatsheet (e-book)](./assets/Emmet-Cheatsheet.pdf)
    1. [Web Accessibility for Section 508 (e-book)](http://www.jimthatcher.com/webcourse1.htm)
    1. [Web Accessibility (e-book)](http://dhark.com/Slidy/web_accessibility.html)
    1. [CSS Basics in Depth (e-book)](http://www.cssbasics.com)
    1. [The Important CSS Selectors (article)](http://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/the-30-css-selectors-you-must-memorize--net-16048)
    1. [Learn Web Fundamentals (reference)](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/)

### JavaScript

1. Tutorials
    1. [HTML/JS: Making webpages interactive (khanacademy.org)](https://www.khanacademy.org/computing/computer-programming/html-css-js)
    1. [HTML/JS: Making webpages interactive with jQuery (khanacademy.org)](https://www.khanacademy.org/computing/computer-programming/html-js-jquery)
    1. [Introduction To JavaScript (codecademy.com)](https://www.codecademy.com/learn/introduction-to-javascript)
    1. [Introduction to jQuery (codecademy.com)](https://www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-jquery)
    1. [Intro to JavaScript (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-javascript--ud803 "Learn the fundamentals of JavaScript, the most popular programming language in web development.")
    1. [JavaScript and the DOM (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/javascript-and-the-dom--ud117 "JavaScript is an extremely powerful programming language. One place where its power truly shines is using it to control a web page. Through this course, you'll learn about the Document Object Model (DOM), how it's created, and what capabilities it provides. Then you'll use JavaScript and the DOM to add, delete, or alter page content; control page styling, and respond to user actions.")
    1. [Intro to jQuery (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-jquery--ud245 "You'll also learn how to read and make sense of jQuery's documentation, making it easy for you to go beyond the methods taught in this class and take advantage of jQuery's full array of features!")
    1. [Intro to AJAX (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-ajax--ud110 "In this course you will learn how to make asynchronous requests with JavaScript (using jQuery’s AJAX functionality), and gain a better understanding of what’s actually happening when you do so. You will also learn how to use data APIs so you can take advantage of freely accessible data in your applications, including photo results, news articles and up-to-date data about the world around us.")
    1. [Object-Oriented JavaScript (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/object-oriented-javascript--ud711 "This course is designed to teach web developers how to utilize the various object-oriented programming features within JavaScript. Object-oriented programming allows developers to build applications with reusable and maintainable blocks of code, which leads to efficiency and simplified software design.")
    1. [JavaScript Promises (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/javascript-promises--ud898 "Learn how to handle asynchronous work with ease! In this course, you'll use Native JavaScript Promises to write asynchronous code that is easy to read, easy to write and easy to debug.")
    1. [Asynchronous JavaScript Requests (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/asynchronous-javascript-requests--ud109 "This course covers everything a developer needs to know to asynchronously send and receive data in their web applications. You'll dive into how asynchronous requests work by using the XHR object to create and send asynchronous requests for image and news article data. Then, you'll see how you can perform async requests more easily using third-party libraries and APIs like jQuery's Ajax and the Fetch API.")
    1. [ES6 - JavaScript Improved (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/es6-javascript-improved--ud356 "ECMAScript 6, or ES6, has brought about a ton of changes to the JavaScript programming language. In this course, you'll explore those changes to learn about the latest features and improvements to the language including new keywords, arrow functions, the Class syntax, Promises, and so much more. Discover how much cleaner and more concise your JavaScript code can be!")
    1. [JavaScript Design Patterns (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/javascript-design-patterns--ud989 "This course covers methods for organizing your code, both conceptually and literally. You’ll learn the importance of separating concerns when writing JavaScript, gaining hands-on experience along the way. Separating concerns can be done with or without an organizational library or framework. We’ll learn how to separate concerns without one, and then we’ll explore an organizational library together. You’ll also learn strategies for exploring other libraries and frameworks on your own.")
    1. [Website Performance Optimization (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/website-performance-optimization--ud884 "In this short course, you’ll learn about the Critical Rendering Path, or the set of steps browsers must take to convert HTML, CSS and JavaScript into living, breathing websites. From there, you’ll start exploring and experimenting with tools to measure performance and simple strategies to deliver the first pixels to the screen as early as possible. You’ll learn how to dive into recommendations from PageSpeed Insights and the Timeline view of Google Chrome’s Developer Tools to find the data you need to achieve immediate performance boosts!")
    1. [Browser Rendering Optimization (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/browser-rendering-optimization--ud860 "You'll leave this course with the tools you need to profile apps and identify the causes of jank. You'll explore the browser's rendering pipeline and uncover patterns that make it easy to build performant apps.")
    1. [Offline Web Applications (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/offline-web-applications--ud899 "This course is focused squarely on user experience, and seeks to show developers how thinking offline-first is the best way to ensure that applications perform their best in all scenarios, not just ideal ones. You'll learn to recognize the differences between good, poor, intermittent, and missing connectivity for your users , and master how to make applications that navigate these conditions with ease.")
    1. [Intro to Progressive Web Apps (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-progressive-web-apps--ud811 "In this course you’ll get started working on your very first Progressive Web App (PWA) - a web app that can take advantage of many of the features native applications have enjoyed. You’ll also get more experience in creating a web app that works offline using Service Workers. Finally, you’ll make your app installable to the user’s home screen with the Web App Manifest file.")
    1. [JavaScript Testing (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/javascript-testing--ud549 "In this course you'll learn how to write JavaScript applications with confidence, using the red-green-refactor workflow. You'll write comprehensive suites of tests that validate your application is functioning as intended at all times.")
    1. [Front End Frameworks (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/front-end-frameworks--ud894 "Learn how to build Single Page Applications in various Front End Frameworks! In this course, you'll learn how to create both an Angular application and an Ember app from scratch.")
    1. [JavaScript Basics (theodinproject.com)](https://www.theodinproject.com/courses/web-development-101#javascript-basics)
    1. [Programming in HTML5 with JavaScript and CSS3:70-480 (microsoft-youtube.com)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLsrZV8shpwjN25T9ANfzYoH5siVbdSrFQ)
    1. [JavaScript30 - 30 Day Vanilla JS Coding Challenge (javascript30.com)](https://javascript30.com/)
1. Reading Resources
    1. [Eloquent JavaScript (e-book)](http://eloquentjavascript.net/)
    1. [You-Dont-Know-JS Book Series (e-book)](https://github.com/getify/You-Dont-Know-JS)
    1. [3 ways to define a JavaScript class (article)](http://www.phpied.com/3-ways-to-define-a-javascript-class/)
    1. [JavaScript hacks explained (article)](http://blog.mdnbar.com/javascript-common-tricks)
    1. [12 Simple (Yet Powerful) JavaScript Tips (article)](http://javascriptissexy.com/12-simple-yet-powerful-javascript-tips/)
    1. [JavaScript Design Patterns and IIFE (article)](http://www.codeproject.com/Articles/819565/Javascript-design-patterns-and-IIFE)
    1. [I Love My IIFE (article)](http://gregfranko.com/blog/i-love-my-iife/)
    1. [Immediately-Invoked Function Expression (IIFE) (article)](http://benalman.com/news/2010/11/immediately-invoked-function-expression/)
    1. [Four Things Web Developers Need to Know about Debugging in Visual Studio 2013 (article)](	https://www.credera.com/blog/technology-insights/microsoft-solutions/4-things-web-developers-need-know-debugging-visual-studio-2013/)
    1. [Using Visual Studio to Debug JavaScript in IE (article)](http://www.codeproject.com/Articles/18921/Using-Visual-Studio-to-Debug-JavaScript-in-IE)

Commit message:

Add new section for Web Accessibility in Front-End Development resources

front-end-development.md, after:

# Front-End Development

Menu: [Home](./README.md)

## Table of Contents

- [Web Accessibility](#web-accessibility)
- [HTML AND CSS](#html-and-css)
- [JavaScript](#javascript)

### Web Accessibility

1. Tutorials
    1. [Web Accessibility - Developing with Empathy (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/web-accessibility--ud891 'In this course you’ll get hands-on experience making web applications accessible. You’ll understand when and why users need accessibility. Then you’ll dive into the "how": making a page work properly with screen readers, and managing input focus (e.g. the highlight you see when tabbing through a form.) You’ll understand what "semantics" and "semantic markup" mean for web pages and add ARIA markup to enable navigating the interface with a range of assistive devices. Finally, you’ll learn styling techniques that help users with partial vision navigate your pages easily and reliably.')
    1. [Section 508 Awareness (section508.gov)](https://www.section508.gov/508-training/courses/new "What is a Section 508 Program? This course provides an overview of federal agency 508 programs, and how they help agencies deliver accessible technology products and services to employees and the public.")
    1. [Section 508: What It Is and Why It's Important? (section508.gov)](https://www.section508.gov/508-training/courses/508-basics "Introduction to Section 508 and Information and Communication Technology (ICT). Explains what Section 508 is and why it’s important, shows how conformance can make ICT more accessible, reviews job-related responsibilities for meeting Section 508 standards, offers resources to help you meet your Section 508 responsibilities.")
    1. [Training in 508 Compliance and Accessible Design ()](https://www.hhs.gov/web/section-508/training-in-508/index.html )
    1. [Technology Accessibility Playbook: How to Build an Effective Section 508 Program (section508.gov)](https://www.section508.gov/508-training/courses/playbook/ "Describes the 12 plays to integrate strategic, business and technology management into a successful Section 508 program, to ensure Federal ICT is accessible to persons with disabilities.")
1. Reading Resources
    1. [Web Accessibility for Section 508 (e-book)](http://www.jimthatcher.com/webcourse1.htm)
    1. [Web Accessibility (e-book)](http://dhark.com/Slidy/web_accessibility.html)
    1. [Intro to Accessibility - PDF (presentation)](https://www.hhs.gov/sites/default/files/Intro%20to%20Accessibility%20and%20508.pdf)

### HTML AND CSS

1. Tutorials
    1. [Learn to Code HTML & CSS (shayhowe.com)](http://learn.shayhowe.com/html-css/)
    1. [Learn to Code Advanced HTML & CSS (shayhowe.com)](http://learn.shayhowe.com/advanced-html-css/)
    1. [Intro to HTML/CSS: Making webpages (khanacademy.org)](https://www.khanacademy.org/computing/computer-programming/html-css)
    1. [Introduction to HTML (codecademy.com)](https://www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-html)
    1. [Learn CSS (codecademy.com)](https://www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-css)
    1. [CSS Jump Start:70-480 (microsoft-youtube.com)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLsrZV8shpwjPylAdgJCyk1TzdMEri1Idi)
    1. [HTML5 & CSS3 Fundamentals: Development for Absolute Beginners (microsoft-youtube.com)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLsrZV8shpwjOGlyU9fFZJvBx6cLjbu_sH)
    1. [Make a Website (codecademy.com)](https://www.codecademy.com/learn/make-a-website)
    1. [Deploy a Website (codecademy.com)](https://www.codecademy.com/learn/deploy-a-website)
    1. [HTML5 and CSS3 (theodinproject.com)](https://www.theodinproject.com/courses/html5-and-css3)
    1. [Intro to HTML and CSS (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-html-and-css--ud001 "In this course, you'll learn the fundamentals web development, along with best practices and professional problem-solving techniques using Developer Tools.")
    1. [Responsive Web Design Fundamentals (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/responsive-web-design-fundamentals--ud893 "In this course you'll learn the fundamentals of responsive web design with Google's Pete LePage! You'll create your own responsive web page that works well on any device - phone, tablet, desktop or anything in between.")
    1. [Building High Conversion Web Forms (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/building-high-conversion-web-forms--ud890 "In this course, you'll learn best practices for modern forms as taught by Google's Ido Green and Udacity's Cameron Pittman. You'll practice your skills along the way with a few self-directed projects, including an e-commerce checkout and an event planner app!")
    1. [Responsive Images (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/responsive-images--ud882 "In this course you will learn how to work with images on the modern web, so that your images look great and load quickly on any device.")
    1. [HTML5 Canvas - From Pixels to Animation! (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/html5-canvas--ud292 "In this course, through several sample projects, you’ll learn how to use the canvas; how to make compositions using shapes, images, and text; how to create effects and filters on images and how to create animations.")
1. Reading Resources
    1. [Emmet Cheatsheet (e-book)](./assets/Emmet-Cheatsheet.pdf)
    1. [CSS Basics in Depth (e-book)](http://www.cssbasics.com)
    1. [The Important CSS Selectors (article)](http://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/the-30-css-selectors-you-must-memorize--net-16048)
    1. [Learn Web Fundamentals (reference)](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/)

### JavaScript

1. Tutorials
    1. [HTML/JS: Making webpages interactive (khanacademy.org)](https://www.khanacademy.org/computing/computer-programming/html-css-js)
    1. [HTML/JS: Making webpages interactive with jQuery (khanacademy.org)](https://www.khanacademy.org/computing/computer-programming/html-js-jquery)
    1. [Introduction To JavaScript (codecademy.com)](https://www.codecademy.com/learn/introduction-to-javascript)
    1. [Introduction to jQuery (codecademy.com)](https://www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-jquery)
    1. [Intro to JavaScript (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-javascript--ud803 "Learn the fundamentals of JavaScript, the most popular programming language in web development.")
    1. [JavaScript and the DOM (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/javascript-and-the-dom--ud117 "JavaScript is an extremely powerful programming language. One place where its power truly shines is using it to control a web page. Through this course, you'll learn about the Document Object Model (DOM), how it's created, and what capabilities it provides. Then you'll use JavaScript and the DOM to add, delete, or alter page content; control page styling, and respond to user actions.")
    1. [Intro to jQuery (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-jquery--ud245 "You'll also learn how to read and make sense of jQuery's documentation, making it easy for you to go beyond the methods taught in this class and take advantage of jQuery's full array of features!")
    1. [Intro to AJAX (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-ajax--ud110 "In this course you will learn how to make asynchronous requests with JavaScript (using jQuery’s AJAX functionality), and gain a better understanding of what’s actually happening when you do so. You will also learn how to use data APIs so you can take advantage of freely accessible data in your applications, including photo results, news articles and up-to-date data about the world around us.")
    1. [Object-Oriented JavaScript (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/object-oriented-javascript--ud711 "This course is designed to teach web developers how to utilize the various object-oriented programming features within JavaScript. Object-oriented programming allows developers to build applications with reusable and maintainable blocks of code, which leads to efficiency and simplified software design.")
    1. [JavaScript Promises (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/javascript-promises--ud898 "Learn how to handle asynchronous work with ease! In this course, you'll use Native JavaScript Promises to write asynchronous code that is easy to read, easy to write and easy to debug.")
    1. [Asynchronous JavaScript Requests (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/asynchronous-javascript-requests--ud109 "This course covers everything a developer needs to know to asynchronously send and receive data in their web applications. You'll dive into how asynchronous requests work by using the XHR object to create and send asynchronous requests for image and news article data. Then, you'll see how you can perform async requests more easily using third-party libraries and APIs like jQuery's Ajax and the Fetch API.")
    1. [ES6 - JavaScript Improved (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/es6-javascript-improved--ud356 "ECMAScript 6, or ES6, has brought about a ton of changes to the JavaScript programming language. In this course, you'll explore those changes to learn about the latest features and improvements to the language including new keywords, arrow functions, the Class syntax, Promises, and so much more. Discover how much cleaner and more concise your JavaScript code can be!")
    1. [JavaScript Design Patterns (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/javascript-design-patterns--ud989 "This course covers methods for organizing your code, both conceptually and literally. You’ll learn the importance of separating concerns when writing JavaScript, gaining hands-on experience along the way. Separating concerns can be done with or without an organizational library or framework. We’ll learn how to separate concerns without one, and then we’ll explore an organizational library together. You’ll also learn strategies for exploring other libraries and frameworks on your own.")
    1. [Website Performance Optimization (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/website-performance-optimization--ud884 "In this short course, you’ll learn about the Critical Rendering Path, or the set of steps browsers must take to convert HTML, CSS and JavaScript into living, breathing websites. From there, you’ll start exploring and experimenting with tools to measure performance and simple strategies to deliver the first pixels to the screen as early as possible. You’ll learn how to dive into recommendations from PageSpeed Insights and the Timeline view of Google Chrome’s Developer Tools to find the data you need to achieve immediate performance boosts!")
    1. [Browser Rendering Optimization (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/browser-rendering-optimization--ud860 "You'll leave this course with the tools you need to profile apps and identify the causes of jank. You'll explore the browser's rendering pipeline and uncover patterns that make it easy to build performant apps.")
    1. [Offline Web Applications (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/offline-web-applications--ud899 "This course is focused squarely on user experience, and seeks to show developers how thinking offline-first is the best way to ensure that applications perform their best in all scenarios, not just ideal ones. You'll learn to recognize the differences between good, poor, intermittent, and missing connectivity for your users , and master how to make applications that navigate these conditions with ease.")
    1. [Intro to Progressive Web Apps (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-progressive-web-apps--ud811 "In this course you’ll get started working on your very first Progressive Web App (PWA) - a web app that can take advantage of many of the features native applications have enjoyed. You’ll also get more experience in creating a web app that works offline using Service Workers. Finally, you’ll make your app installable to the user’s home screen with the Web App Manifest file.")
    1. [JavaScript Testing (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/javascript-testing--ud549 "In this course you'll learn how to write JavaScript applications with confidence, using the red-green-refactor workflow. You'll write comprehensive suites of tests that validate your application is functioning as intended at all times.")
    1. [Front End Frameworks (udacity.com)](https://www.udacity.com/course/front-end-frameworks--ud894 "Learn how to build Single Page Applications in various Front End Frameworks! In this course, you'll learn how to create both an Angular application and an Ember app from scratch.")
    1. [JavaScript Basics (theodinproject.com)](https://www.theodinproject.com/courses/web-development-101#javascript-basics)
    1. [Programming in HTML5 with JavaScript and CSS3:70-480 (microsoft-youtube.com)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLsrZV8shpwjN25T9ANfzYoH5siVbdSrFQ)
    1. [JavaScript30 - 30 Day Vanilla JS Coding Challenge (javascript30.com)](https://javascript30.com/)
1. Reading Resources
    1. [Eloquent JavaScript (e-book)](http://eloquentjavascript.net/)
    1. [You-Dont-Know-JS Book Series (e-book)](https://github.com/getify/You-Dont-Know-JS)
    1. [3 ways to define a JavaScript class (article)](http://www.phpied.com/3-ways-to-define-a-javascript-class/)
    1. [JavaScript hacks explained (article)](http://blog.mdnbar.com/javascript-common-tricks)
    1. [12 Simple (Yet Powerful) JavaScript Tips (article)](http://javascriptissexy.com/12-simple-yet-powerful-javascript-tips/)
    1. [JavaScript Design Patterns and IIFE (article)](http://www.codeproject.com/Articles/819565/Javascript-design-patterns-and-IIFE)
    1. [I Love My IIFE (article)](http://gregfranko.com/blog/i-love-my-iife/)
    1. [Immediately-Invoked Function Expression (IIFE) (article)](http://benalman.com/news/2010/11/immediately-invoked-function-expression/)
    1. [Four Things Web Developers Need to Know about Debugging in Visual Studio 2013 (article)](	https://www.credera.com/blog/technology-insights/microsoft-solutions/4-things-web-developers-need-know-debugging-visual-studio-2013/)
    1. [Using Visual Studio to Debug JavaScript in IE (article)](http://www.codeproject.com/Articles/18921/Using-Visual-Studio-to-Debug-JavaScript-in-IE)
